reply: handler for `Event::GoToMessage` + visual indicator (#1956)
squidowl/halloy: docs/configuration/buffer.md

insert_nick = false
```

### `highlight_hovered_message`

> When hovering a reply, highlight the target message if it visible in the buffer.

Author: ```suggestion
When hovering a reply, highlight the target message if it visible in the buffer. This takes precedence over the hover preview.
```

> When hovering a reply, highlight the target message if it visible in the buffer. This takes precedence over the hover preview.

Author: ```suggestion
When hovering a reply, highlight the target message if it visible in the buffer. This takes precedence over the tooltip.
```
